[2019-01-25 09:03] SO, today is the day I start this thing for real.I hope to capture current events as well as older incidents...let's see how it goes.
Biggest news of the year so far is that on 8 Jan I was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. My A1C was over 13% and my daily blood sugar levels were in the 300 to 400 range. Very bad stuff. However, I have manged to get it under control..daily averages now are in the 120 to 150 range. I expect it will drop lower as I lose weight and continue eating reasonably. I am on Metformin 500mg twice daily right now.

It looked bad at first, but I got this....

[2019-02-17 21:20] nothing new to report...

[2019-02-21 10:31] So, as I could have guessed, I have been less than steady in writing the journal.Let's see if I can get back on track...

[2019-03-21 13:39] I spent a bit over twenty years of my adult life as a soldier.I joined at a time when I had youthful convictions of conservative direction and loved my country dearly.
In those days I was sure there was nothing more pure and noble than the Untied States of America. I took basic at Ft Dix in New Jersey and following that, AIT at Knox. My first duty assignment was to 1/36 Infantry in Friedberg, Germany. Third Armored Division, third brigade. Spartans. Those were they days of the Cold War and with Europe being on the front line, we got the best of everything...all the newest toys and equipment.  But I digress...

During my time as a soldier, I met a great many people from all walks of life. Anyone who knows me, can tell you that I am not a people kind of person. But despite this, I formed bonds with those I served with.

[2019-12-31 18:59] fugarwee

[2020-02-12 13:53] test entry

[2020-03-20 11:20] COVID-19 has the world on lockdown right now.
I feel that the Germans (where I am living these days) have a good grasp on things and I don’t feel like panic is appropriate. Discipline surely, but not panic.
So what am I thinking about right now?
Mortality. As you may be aware, I do not believe in organized religion. I find it a scam to take advantage of people and to amass personal power and wealth for the church elite. That’s not to say I reject the idea of a higher power, I am open to that...however, I think it unlikely. And if there is indeed such a power, I cannot think of any reason why it would concern itself with us individually.  But this is not why I am pecking away at my keyboard today.
I study Buddhist philosophy, but I do not consider myself a Buddhist. I study Stoic philosophy, but do not consider myself a Stoic. I read Zen literature. I practice Mindfulness. But I don’t feel that any of those labels define what I actually am and believe. From each I take what makes sense to me and try to incorporate it into my daily life...which it occurs to me that this is a very Buddhist thing to do. 
:-)
I don’t know where this pandemic thing is going, but I have to accept that the likelihood of me or my family contracting the virus is high. I don’t think this thing can be stopped anytime soon...not soon enough anyway. All we can do is be sensible, disciplined, and try to slow the spread as much as possible; Buy the Doctors and Scientists the time they need to find a cure. 
And what happens when (if) I get the virus? Will it be fatal? Statistics say no, but I have never trusted statistics. I truly believe the fatality rate is being purposely under reported...and it makes sense to do so. The last thing anyone needs is to start a panic. That will just make things worse. Academics aside, I can truly say that I am not ready to die. I mean, I accept that this is not within my control, but all things equal I’d rather not pass away. I love life even with all its challenges.  And of course there is the problem with leaving my family with the huge debt I am still working on paying off. My children should not have to pay for my mistakes and misjudgments. 
I don’t know...I am feeling grim and lonely and just... 
I don’t know.
Let’s leave it at that for now.

[2020-04-03 14:53] test entry for export to day one
